[Applause]
may I see your hands and just you know
the other parts okay oh you don't like
to be touched at all on the hair no I do
like to be touched
it's just I am I mean it's you know I
mean it's just you that's me yeah no I'm
acutely aware of the ridges in
fingertips and I can do it let's do it I
can do it I can get there see I can do
it when they're dry if you're initiator
that's better
yes yeah feel more in control today
anyone even know what we're talking
about but if they was were wet that's a
non struck out this is the reason I
mentioned this and why I wanted to see
if your fingers were at all wrinkly is
because the last time your husband Dax
Shepard was here which was like three
weeks a month yeah he talked about this
phobia I guess what is it proper wear
phobia I would call it a very serious
undiagnosed and yet to be discovered
medical of people in America might also
suffer fancy so he posted a photograph
to Instagram of you with gloves on in
the pool because you do not like the
feeling of pruney fingers even if
they're your own 20 feet it's like I
said it is a medical condition to be
discovered so here's the thing I when I
go like this I feel the ridges like a
bass line at a club that's too much and
and when they're wet it's like I'll puke
you actually have a real physical
reality physical nausea and like I could
do if they were wet I could like
probably get away with touching cement I
could get anyway with touching my
bathing suit or like another piece of
skin if it wasn't ridgey but if Dax is
always in the pool he's like what's up
baby
and I wonder for 11 years of he knows
better but the kicker was I can send him
off in the pool because of my training
when we taught our kids to swim the
problem arises because when your
children are in the pool you need to
grab them because they swim there like
especially my youngest like a bulldog
she just like 6 so I need to be able to
grab it
problem is my very serious medical
condition makes me want to step back oh
and I don't want to grab Mike and I'm
like well this can't happen so my friend
Amy my very nice friend Amy Hansen said
hey I found pool gloves for you
there's scuba gloves you can wear them
and then you don't have to touch anybody
couple years ago and knowing your the
pool and you get out of the pool you tan
everywhere except for your hands no
because I wear a lot of Suns I see okay
all right I'm not ashamed because in my
lifetime I want to remove the stigma of
the maybe 10 people who also said there
is no stigma because you were
actually there are some people who
suffer from this condition in fact not
only that there we looked we did some
research there's actually a prescription
you can get for this yes look at this
is it a chill pill you or someone you
love anxious around swimming pools it's
the fear of shriveled skin preventing
you from enjoying life you may be
suffering from pruney fingers obeah turn
a finger phobia is a serious anxiety
forming and gag-inducing condition pool
glow via with five protective fingers on
each hand pool glove you will protect
you from the trauma of wrinkled fingers
and get you back in the water again call
your doctor if you experience nausea
diarrhea
rapid heartbeat trouble swallowing
bulging Nuggets triple nipples or
uncontrollable death don't go off the
deep end dive in ask your doctor about
pool avea today you hid from DAX while
you were dating as you wait until you're
married
I can't lead with that did anyone else
reach out to you and say yes I have this
- not yet
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel an evil wizard has
trapped me inside this YouTube video
click subscribe to help me escape